doc: add `package.json` comment for example (#2957)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/guides/guides/continuous-integration.md

> Pass the command to boot your server, the url your server is hosted on and your Cypress test command.
> 
> ```json
> // package.json
> {
>   ...
>   "scripts": {
>     "start": "my-server -p 3030",
>     "cy:run": "cypress run",
>     "test": "start-server-and-test start http://localhost:3030 cy:run"
>   }
>   ...

Reviewer: Json formatting doesn't accept comments, so we avoid putting them in json code blocks.

```suggestion
In your `package.json` scripts, pass the command to boot your server, the url your server is hosted on and your Cypress test command.

```json
{
  ...
  "scripts": {
    "start": "my-server -p 3030",
    "cy:run": "cypress run",
    "test": "start-server-and-test start http://localhost:3030 cy:run"
  }
```
